README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="images/beta.png">
</p>

### Azure Resource Manager Community Documentation - Beta Version

Main goal of that documentation is to provide full and consistent information about using Azure Resource Manager from beginning level and up to deep dive into many specifiec areas. This documentation is not replacement of existing MSDN or Azure.com articles, but contains all required information
about that topic - all in one place, for each part of document there's a list of references where you may source information.

We tried to make this document easy to read and simple to use - so hope you will find that doc useful.

---

# [Azure Resource Manager](ARM/README.md)  
 * [Azure Resource Manager Introduction and Architecture](ARM/Introduction.md)
 * [Security and Authentication](ARM/Security/README.md)

### [SDKs](ARM/SDKs/README.md)
 * [Java SDK](ARM/SDKs/Java-sdk.md)
 * [.NET SDK](ARM/SDKs/Net-sdk.md)
 * [Python SDK](ARM/SDKs/Python-sdk.md)
 * [REST API Reference and deep dive](ARM/SDKs/Rest-api.md)

### [Templates](ARM/Templates/README.md)
 * [Templates Basic Concepts](ARM/Templates/Templates_Basics.md)
 * [Resource Provider Schema](ARM/Templates/Template_resources_schema.md)
 * [Templates Advanced Authoring](ARM/Templates/Template_Advanced_Authoring.md)
 * [Template and Resources Links](ARM/Templates/Template_links.md)
 * [Create Your First Template](ARM/Templates/My_First_Template.md)
 * [Deploy a Template](ARM/Templates/Template_Deploy.md)

### [Tools](Tools/README.md)

 * [Command Line interface](Tools/CLI.md)
 * [Powershell](Tools/Powershell.md)
 * [Visual Studio](Tools/Visual-studio.md)
 * [New Azure Portal](Tools/Portal.md)

### [Use Cases](use-cases/README.md)
  * [Web App and SQL Database](Use-cases/web-app-and-sql-database/README.md)
  * [Classic to ARM Migration](Use-cases/classic2ARM_Migration.md)

### [Tips and tricks](Tips-and-tricks/README.md)

### [Azure Resource Manager FAQs](ARM-FAQ.md)

# [Azure Marketplace](Marketplace/README.md)

### [Publishing in the Azure Marketplace](Marketplace/publishing_azure_mp.md)
 * [Introduction](Marketplace/Introduction.md)
 * [Seller dashboard](Marketplace/Seller-dashboard.md)
 * [Publish dashboard](Marketplace/Publish-dashboard.md)
 * [Single VM](Marketplace/Single-vm.md)
 * [Multi VM](Marketplace/Multi-vm.md)
 * [VM Extensions](Marketplace/VM-extensions.md)
 * [Developer services](Marketplace/Developer-services.md)
 * [Data services](Marketplace/Data-services.md)
 * [Certification tools](Marketplace/Azure-certification-tool.md)
 * [VM Depot - community managed reposity of Linux/FreeBSD images](Marketplace/VM-depot.md)
 
### [Using Azure Marketplace Offerings](Marketplace/using_azure_mp.md)
### [Azure Marketplace FQAs](Marketplace/mp_faq.md)

# Acknowledgements and contributors

Feel free to join us on working on this project. Please refer to [GitWiki Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet) in case
if you're not so familiar with gitwiki markdown ( it's very powerful, but easy to read in raw code ).

Commit message:

add link to CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="images/beta.png">
</p>

### Azure Resource Manager Community Documentation - Beta Version

Main goal of that documentation is to provide full and consistent information about using Azure Resource Manager from beginning level and up to deep dive into many specifiec areas. This documentation is not replacement of existing MSDN or Azure.com articles, but contains all required information
about that topic - all in one place, for each part of document there's a list of references where you may source information.

We tried to make this document easy to read and simple to use - so hope you will find that doc useful.
To learn how to contribute to this document visit [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) page.

---

# [Azure Resource Manager](ARM/README.md)  
 * [Azure Resource Manager Introduction and Architecture](ARM/Introduction.md)
 * [Security and Authentication](ARM/Security/README.md)

### [SDKs](ARM/SDKs/README.md)
 * [Java SDK](ARM/SDKs/Java-sdk.md)
 * [.NET SDK](ARM/SDKs/Net-sdk.md)
 * [Python SDK](ARM/SDKs/Python-sdk.md)
 * [REST API Reference and deep dive](ARM/SDKs/Rest-api.md)

### [Templates](ARM/Templates/README.md)
 * [Templates Basic Concepts](ARM/Templates/Templates_Basics.md)
 * [Resource Provider Schema](ARM/Templates/Template_resources_schema.md)
 * [Templates Advanced Authoring](ARM/Templates/Template_Advanced_Authoring.md)
 * [Template and Resources Links](ARM/Templates/Template_links.md)
 * [Create Your First Template](ARM/Templates/My_First_Template.md)
 * [Deploy a Template](ARM/Templates/Template_Deploy.md)

### [Tools](Tools/README.md)

 * [Command Line interface](Tools/CLI.md)
 * [Powershell](Tools/Powershell.md)
 * [Visual Studio](Tools/Visual-studio.md)
 * [New Azure Portal](Tools/Portal.md)

### [Use Cases](use-cases/README.md)
  * [Web App and SQL Database](Use-cases/web-app-and-sql-database/README.md)
  * [Classic to ARM Migration](Use-cases/classic2ARM_Migration.md)

### [Tips and tricks](Tips-and-tricks/README.md)

### [Azure Resource Manager FAQs](ARM-FAQ.md)

# [Azure Marketplace](Marketplace/README.md)

### [Publishing in the Azure Marketplace](Marketplace/publishing_azure_mp.md)
 * [Introduction](Marketplace/Introduction.md)
 * [Seller dashboard](Marketplace/Seller-dashboard.md)
 * [Publish dashboard](Marketplace/Publish-dashboard.md)
 * [Single VM](Marketplace/Single-vm.md)
 * [Multi VM](Marketplace/Multi-vm.md)
 * [VM Extensions](Marketplace/VM-extensions.md)
 * [Developer services](Marketplace/Developer-services.md)
 * [Data services](Marketplace/Data-services.md)
 * [Certification tools](Marketplace/Azure-certification-tool.md)
 * [VM Depot - community managed reposity of Linux/FreeBSD images](Marketplace/VM-depot.md)
 
### [Using Azure Marketplace Offerings](Marketplace/using_azure_mp.md)
### [Azure Marketplace FQAs](Marketplace/mp_faq.md)

# Acknowledgements and contributors

Feel free to join us on working on this project. Please refer to [GitWiki Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet) in case
if you're not so familiar with gitwiki markdown ( it's very powerful, but easy to read in raw code ).
